You locked up, and you wrote about the new gun knife, put it in this first paragraph.
Then, what do you want if your things are not good?
Such an important thing
Mom, don’t forget that Xi Jinping has been bad recently.
That side has to be here no matter what, mom
I always told me
We all turn the company's belly onto ourselves
You will ride me
What did you say bite?
You must be able to charge it
But we can't be weak
This is not the only capital for next year.
You're so slippery from this guy
Be careful to be deceived by him too
I won't lie to you at all
you promise me
As long as I can keep you in the spotlight
You still don't want to go home with me
You are just too naive
If you transfer this money to him
After all, he's a fire-proof guy, right? Mom knows how to do it.
I believe Brother Style can’t do it
He's the one who's careful
This is also to prevent all financial scams.
Learned mistakes